add deploy preview workflow (#97140)
grafana/grafana: docs/README.md

If you have the grafana/website repo checked out in the same directory as the grafana repo, then you can run `make docs-local-static` to use local assets (such as images).

## Deploy preview

> When a PR is opened with changes under the docs/sources directory, a deploy preview will be built. A comment and commit status check will be posted to the PR after the deploy preview is finished building.

Reviewer: Present tense and less passive voice
```suggestion
When you open a PR that changes files in the `docs/sources/` directory, CI builds a deploy preview.
After the deploy preview has been built, the **Deploy pr preview** workflow comments a link to the preview URL and adds a commit status check .
```
